= Timesheet Mangement Community Use Cases =


Use case 1:

Name: User Login

Description: User should validate his credential to enter the website.

Detail : 



Use case 2:

Name: User Registration

Description: User should have to ability to register and start using the website.

Use case 2a:

Name: Edit User Profile

Description: User can edit the registration information.


Use case 3:

Name: Forgot Password

Description: User should be able to recover his lost password by providing additional information regarding his account



Use case 4:

Name: Create a new Company

Description: User can create any no of companies and can thereafter receive Timesheet from other users for the created company.

Detail: If user clicks on "New Company Registration" tab, form should be presented to user which collects information like company name, user title, company address, type, summary, phones, emails and fax.

User can create new divisions under a existing company, division is simply different divisions of a company and a division can have more divisions under it
every division will have a name, address, summary, no of employees working, phones, fax, emails

Every Company or Division will have registered user with titles and contact information (phones, fax, emails and address)

User have some administrative roles and some users can approve time sheets


Use case 5:

Name: Search Companies

Description: User should be able to search companies in the system and can see its public details


Use case 6:

Name: Request to Join a Company

Description: User can request any number of companies for joining it.
Once accepted user can send timesheets.


Use case 7:

Name: Create Company Admin

Description: Creator of the company or an Admin can assign any other user with Admin roles, this should be audited for future use



Use case 8:

Name: Process Request to Join / Add User

Description: Any Admin should be able to see the request to join the company by other users and can accept or decline the request, and proper reason should be recorded for his decision. If user is accepted then that user can start submitting timesheets.

Use Case 8a:

Name: Edit user information

Desc: Any admin of a company must be able to edit company specific user information.


Use case 9:

Name: Create Timesheet

Description: User should be able to create timesheets ( weekly MON-SUN, bi-monthly 1-15 16-31), save timesheets and can submit saved timesheets to any company he is registered too.


Use case 10:

Name: Delete and Edit Timesheet

Description: User can delete or edit any timesheets before it approved


Use case 11:

Name: Print Timesheets

Description: User should be able to print timesheets in a standard format

Use case 12:

Name: Timesheets Reminder

Description: User should be reminded of timesheets via email



Use case 13:

Name: Approved Timesheets

Description: Admin can approve or disapprove or leave a query for a Timesheet.
And any change in the status of the Timesheet should be notified to user via email


Use case 14:

Name: Create Expense Report

Description: User Should be able to create and submit expense report to on of the registere company


Use case 15:

Name: Approve or Decline Expense Report

Description: Admins should be able to approve or decline expense reports with an appropriate message